[Music]
another grisly murder scene walls
covered in satanic symbols another
gruesome ritualistic murders name the
lives of six people last night following
a heavy metal concert that local
religious groups were protesting this is
supposed to scare other people matter so
you ready for soldiers of Satan let's go
to a night that we're gonna remember for
years to come
hear hear brothers and sisters the evil
that is heavy-metal rock music an
unwavering in its goal that corrupt our
children's souls girls be careful now
there's a lot of evil out there you
don't think we can fend for ourselves
do you wanna have a threesome with us
how many more children must Dodd Satan's
name Jesus Mary Joseph it is not too
late
join me in this fight generate these
demons send them back to hell I know you
why are the police here
good riddance
no you they are today
[Music]
Kalyani yami no naka de Giovanni celada
other than buchumi watering ausonian toy
Sonny
[Music]
Jim you gotta paddle a gator got to know
that the song a poet in there it's all
good
cousin but that's no guy jessamy
horrible moment in life
atashi type of samba oh my Santa Clara
villa Ko Ko Chang I do Toto bhishan it's
nada Tito
watashi Kanak taken i oughtta
shyamananda massa
naginata
you mean effective at NATO or has your
thoughts kind of it to come with you
huevo I wanted him
Oh me tight sake I know she meets ax
so no Shinto sama Dominic attitude are
are still
[Music]
cuz all of its in the cleaners is not
gold come on back with the Gatlin a lot
of people don't know about organized
crime in the South that it's not that
organized
what's with the cones not the randomness
of it might throw off a cop s smart I'm
near the bottom rung of an outfit run by
a man I've never met before
man named frog I'm the boss you may
never refuse an order and you may never
quit bright park ranger
I'm with frog I've been ordered to
intervene do not socialize with the
locals do not draw attention to yourself
it's creepy
do you like creepy you decide to run off
I will hunt you down and I'll kill you
I'm gonna die most likely either of you
boys like to call me sir you can if you
want I won't think it's corny
we're gonna go traffic drugs across
state lines sir you boys catch yourself
starting to complain about boredom just
remember it's a bored criminal who's a
good criminal is this an order from frog
we've been thinking about streamlining
you can't do that we do a whole bunch
we're not supposed to do frog don't seem
to mind it's better to have to look for
something to do than have something to
do look for you you expecting somebody
you know it's funny you boys are here
just hang it out
seemed it suspicious to you DC was
supposed to be working for me
you're about the worst enemies I've ever
had I've never asked for my life to
become a great story but that's what's
happening here
it's not gonna end well for you
[Music]
you think you're good enough to outdo a
man that's what you do say thank you
thank you
[Music]
should we go yeah okay
rigid oh I don't want them here
the best thing for them is to be with
family there are some rules you'll need
to follow this store leads to the
basement it stays locked at all times I
saw mom we're in the basement
don't you
mommy
[Music]
I would never want you to do anything
you don't feel comfortable doing slate
your name pearl Osbourne head pro before
we begin maybe you could just tell us
why you think you are the perfect
candidate for this project I have a
talent but I've been struggling I need
to learn how to market myself so I can
have the career I've always dreamed of
have what's called the Protege program I
think you might be toxic for my gosh
thank you I really need that someone I
have an update for you I've had cameras
on him the real world of acting in film
and television is much more about
chemistry and socialization than
anything you've learned academically
asking you to prove to me them that
potential I feel like you hold it's true
I will live it breathe it I really
appreciate it
[Music]
I know you my role as a talent producer
concerns both your on camera and your
off-camera development following my
method will get you where you need to go
in the quickest route possible I just
want you to know that I'm really
grateful for this opportunity it's just
not what I was expecting
[Music]
you can leave you know it was their plea
here polity tunnels where a Tibet
suppose all de jure similar the put your
cousin Valley no reason defied you
caught the easiness to us just go
said it was superseded and I can now tie
all this position me
[Applause]
I said oh my gosh it's a pretty measure
for production info producer
[Music]
shame I'm sure mr. Joffe mother but
yourself
Susan young why do we think we paint
because we have no choice
we're talking with the American painter
which from Smithson and his wife Claire
so what's next for you to my right crazy
are she creates the rest of her life the
things I love the most about him still
love his arrogance is he go it's not a
painting unless you leave a piece of
yourself on the canvas he's been
behaving so strangely for months
what are you doing I don't think I'm
sure about the song well they're
honoring me you're getting an award I
didn't watch sad you're writing down all
I can say is what's going on with me
[Music]
they never occurred to you you'll have
these moments where it's just so
himselves
and then it vanishes yeah Richard look
at me I do want to help you you never
became a painter because I was too busy
supporting your career it's very hard to
look inside and paint what's all gone
are you painting again you were always
such a sensitive artist I always envied
your decision to step away you don't see
anything different I see something
different on it's you you can't date you
never really tried
paint what breaks your heart what you
can't get back
[Music]
third effect this means to me they only
could a couple of amusement
[Music]
aha
oh you already know behind
[Music]